[Music]
hello it's Ruby and today I'm going to
be sharing my morning routine with you
which is something which has been
extremely requested and which is
actually my favorite type of video to
film so the first thing I do when I wake
up is drink a glass of water which I
keep on my bed I just finished the one
that I got for myself last night and at
this time it is about 6 a.m. so I put an
alarm on for 5:45 and then I like to
sleep in for 15 minutes and I like to
play some classical music just as I wake
up because it just helps to wake me up
and it also means that I feel much
calmer so I like to go straight to the
bathroom just to wash my face so I first
of all wash it with some hot water and
then with some cold water because this
will clean your face and then close your
pores again and I will say put on some
eye cream and some face cream both from
fresh
[Music]
then next of course I brush my teeth and
because it's me obviously I'm reading as
I'm brushing my teeth and I'm currently
reading a Guernsey literary amputated
peopie society and I'm really loving it
[Music]
the next thing we'll do is go and get
out my exercise mat and I just basically
like to use in very gentle stretches
[Music]
and I like to do some gentle stretches
just to make sure that I retain my leg
flexibility and I try not to strain my
legs too much at this time in the
morning just because otherwise I might
really hurt myself the next I go and
make my bed for kids I'm a strong
believer making your bed and I honestly
do not think that you can have a good
and happy day if you do not make your
bed it just starts everything off to a
good foot and I always feel so much
happier and more productive for it and
also my photos always seem to fall off
my pin board whilst I'm asleep so I just
go ahead and pin all of these back on I
[Music]
love my pin board is actually my
favorite part of my university room
[Music]
then I go back to the exercise mat but
this time I just do some situps so I
like to do 50 sit-ups every morning and
then I'm really tired as you can see I
just basically lie on the mat for a
minute then I'll go and choose what I'm
gonna wear for today and I'll head into
the bathroom to go and have a shower
this morning
I decided not to wash my hair because I
washed it up the night before I believe
that is why my hair is in this very
confusing knotty mess so then I go and
decide to make myself some tea and this
morning I decided to have a detox tea
from Parker this is one of my favorite
teas and always just makes me feel so
refreshed I think it's the perfect thing
to have on a Monday morning ah watching
this clip back makes me want to have
some tea
[Music]
now I go make myself some breakfast
I really love to have poured in the
morning just for kids it's really
filling and it's really tasty as well
and whilst it cooks
I just tidy up my room a little bit I
also decided to go and take down my hair
because it was kind of annoying me like
this
[Music]
so on my porridge I decided to have some
frozen blueberries frozen mango banana
chia seeds and cacao nibs
[Music]
and then I was back to my book whilst I
was eating breakfast so the next thing
I'd like to do is just get out my study
planner this is the pumpkin productivity
one which I sell on my website I
basically just go through and plan my
day so I put on everything that I want
to do that day and it just Amit helped
me to make sure that I do everything I
plan to do and that I stay productive
then I like to go on my laptop and I
will basically just answer any work
emails which I have got because it's
Monday morning I also fill up this
little milk jug which I used to water my
plants with then I will do some chores
and this morning I needed to do some
washing up because I left something the
night before also I need to wash up the
stuff in breakfast too of course
[Music]
now I just I just go and do my hair
properly so I just like to put my hair
in little side braid and tip it back
with a clip and i will say put on a
small about of makeup so i like to put
on some concealer and i will also
further my eyebrows just cuz i like them
looking a tiny bit darker now I'm
deciding to crack home with some
university work so I was just doing a
reading here I was going through and
making some notes it's always good to do
it just a little bit of work before a
lecture and either doing the reading or
looking through notes from a slacker
chair so because it's Monday one thing I
will also do a Monday morning which I
decide not to do on Sunday I prefer to
do on Monday is make a to-do list of
everything I want to do that week so I
have a monthly to-do list and I refer
back to that so that I can make sure
that I set reasonable goals for myself
and that every week I'm getting a fixing
stuff which we want to get done which
will help me to fulfill my ultimate
goals and help me to be productive in
ways other than just with school I
decided to make a packed lunch next
because I wasn't made to have a chance
to come back to my room until about 5:00
p.m. and so I needed to you bring a
lunch otherwise I was gonna have to buy
one and of course as a student I do like
to budget and it's much cheaper just to
make your own at home
you can see that I really struggles to
put this rap in my bento box and I also
put it in a little ziplock bag just to
make sure that it doesn't leak when it's
in my rucksack so then I will pack my
bag University just everything in that I
might need I left I got my water bottle
and I will put on some perfume and then
I'm done thank you so much watching this
video I hope that you enjoyed and have a
productive week
[Music]
[Applause]